End to End Dev Testing (#36)
corshatech/cast: CONTRIBUTING.md

skaffold dev --platform=linux/amd64 --port-forward --namespace "$NAMESPACE" --default-repo="$REPO"
```

## End to End Testing

Skaffold can be used to test the entire CAST pipeline:
```bash
skaffold run --platform=linux/amd64 --port-forward --kube-context <kube context>
```

> The repository's [Skaffold config](./skaffold.yaml) has a lifecycle hook that taps an httpbin deployment with Kubeshark and sends mock traffic data to that httpbin service's endpoint for CAST to analyse. The script can also be run seperately for an existing CAST deployment and Kubeshark tapped service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repository's [Skaffold config](./skaffold.yaml) has a lifecycle hook that taps an httpbin deployment with Kubeshark and sends mock traffic data to that httpbin service's endpoint for CAST to analyze. The script can also be run separately for an existing CAST deployment and Kubeshark tapped service:
```
